README.md, before:

# web-dev-resources
A curated list of free web resources to kick start learning web development.

## HTML

- HTML Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/html/)
- HTML For Beginners: (https://www.udemy.com/course/hmtl5-training/)
- Web Development with HTML & CSS for Beginners: (https://alison.com/course/web-development-with-html-and-css-for-beginners)
- Master the Basics of HTML5 & CSS3: Beginner Web Development: (https://www.udemy.com/course/master-the-basics-of-html5-css3-beginner-web-development)
- Web Development By Doing: HTML / CSS From Scratch: (https://www.udemy.com/course/web-development-learn-by-doing-html5-css3-from-scratch-introductory)
- Learn HTML & CSS: How To Start Your Web Development Career: (https://www.udemy.com/course/how-i-landed-a-web-development-job-earned-5k-freelancing)
- Learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript from Scratch: (https://www.educative.io/courses/learn-html-css-javascript-from-scratch)
- HTML Introduction Course: Learn HTML in 2 hours!!! (https://www.udemy.com/course/html-introduction-course-learn-html-in-2-hours)
- Learn HTML by Codecademy: (https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-html) 
- Build a Quiz App with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-quiz-app-with-html-css-and-javascript)

## CSS

- CSS Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/css/)
- Master the Basics of HTML5 & CSS3: Beginner Web Development: (https://www.udemy.com/course/master-the-basics-of-html5-css3-beginner-web-development)
- Web Development By Doing: HTML / CSS From Scratch: (https://www.udemy.com/course/web-development-learn-by-doing-html5-css3-from-scratch-introductory)
- Learn HTML & CSS: How To Start Your Web Development Career: (https://www.udemy.com/course/how-i-landed-a-web-development-job-earned-5k-freelancing)
- Learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript from Scratch: (https://www.educative.io/courses/learn-html-css-javascript-from-scratch)
- Build a Quiz App with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-quiz-app-with-html-css-and-javascript)
- 

## JavaScript

- JavaScript Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
- Learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript from Scratch: (https://www.educative.io/courses/learn-html-css-javascript-from-scratch)
- Javascript Essentials: (https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-essentials)
- Interactivity with JavaScript: (https://www.coursera.org/learn/javascript)
- JavaScript for beginners - Quick JavaScript Fundamentals (https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-javascript-fundamentals)
- Advanced and Object Oriented JavaScript and ES6: (https://www.udemy.com/course/advanced-and-object-oriented-javascript)
- Learning ECMAScript The Next Generation of Javascript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/ecmascript2015)
- Build a Quiz App with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-quiz-app-with-html-css-and-javascript)
- Leveling up to ES6: (https://www.udemy.com/course/leveling-up-to-es6)
- Basic Coding in JavaScript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-basics-start-coding-in-5-minutes-2019)
- JavaScript Introduction: (https://www.edx.org/course/javascript-introduction)

## Python

- Python Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/python/)

## C/C++

- C Programming by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.in/c-tutorial/)
- C++ Programming Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/CPP/default.asp)

## Git

- Git Tutorial: (https://www.w3schools.com/git/)

## Machine Learning

- Machine Learning by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/ai/ai_machine_learning.asp)
- Python Machine Learning: (https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_ml_getting_started.asp)

Commit message:

Python and JavaScript free courses

README.md, after:

# web-dev-resources
A curated list of free web resources to kick start learning web development.

## HTML

- HTML Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/html/)
- HTML For Beginners: (https://www.udemy.com/course/hmtl5-training/)
- Web Development with HTML & CSS for Beginners: (https://alison.com/course/web-development-with-html-and-css-for-beginners)
- Master the Basics of HTML5 & CSS3: Beginner Web Development: (https://www.udemy.com/course/master-the-basics-of-html5-css3-beginner-web-development)
- Web Development By Doing: HTML / CSS From Scratch: (https://www.udemy.com/course/web-development-learn-by-doing-html5-css3-from-scratch-introductory)
- Learn HTML & CSS: How To Start Your Web Development Career: (https://www.udemy.com/course/how-i-landed-a-web-development-job-earned-5k-freelancing)
- Learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript from Scratch: (https://www.educative.io/courses/learn-html-css-javascript-from-scratch)
- HTML Introduction Course: Learn HTML in 2 hours!!! (https://www.udemy.com/course/html-introduction-course-learn-html-in-2-hours)
- Learn HTML by Codecademy: (https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-html) 
- Build a Quiz App with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-quiz-app-with-html-css-and-javascript)

## CSS

- CSS Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/css/)
- Master the Basics of HTML5 & CSS3: Beginner Web Development: (https://www.udemy.com/course/master-the-basics-of-html5-css3-beginner-web-development)
- Web Development By Doing: HTML / CSS From Scratch: (https://www.udemy.com/course/web-development-learn-by-doing-html5-css3-from-scratch-introductory)
- Learn HTML & CSS: How To Start Your Web Development Career: (https://www.udemy.com/course/how-i-landed-a-web-development-job-earned-5k-freelancing)
- Learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript from Scratch: (https://www.educative.io/courses/learn-html-css-javascript-from-scratch)
- Build a Quiz App with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-quiz-app-with-html-css-and-javascript)
- 

## JavaScript

- JavaScript Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
- Learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript from Scratch: (https://www.educative.io/courses/learn-html-css-javascript-from-scratch)
- Javascript Essentials: (https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-essentials)
- Interactivity with JavaScript: (https://www.coursera.org/learn/javascript)
- JavaScript for beginners - Quick JavaScript Fundamentals (https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-javascript-fundamentals)
- Advanced and Object Oriented JavaScript and ES6: (https://www.udemy.com/course/advanced-and-object-oriented-javascript)
- Learning ECMAScript The Next Generation of Javascript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/ecmascript2015)
- Build a Quiz App with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-quiz-app-with-html-css-and-javascript)
- Leveling up to ES6: (https://www.udemy.com/course/leveling-up-to-es6)
- Basic Coding in JavaScript: (https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-basics-start-coding-in-5-minutes-2019)
- JavaScript Introduction: (https://www.edx.org/course/javascript-introduction)
- Introduction to JavaScript: First Steps: (https://www.educative.io/courses/introduction-to-javascript-first-steps)
- CS50's Web Programming with Python and JavaScript: (https://www.edx.org/course/cs50s-web-programming-with-python-and-javascript)

## Python

- Python Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/python/)
- CS50's Web Programming with Python and JavaScript: (https://www.edx.org/course/cs50s-web-programming-with-python-and-javascript)
- 

## C/C++

- C Programming by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.in/c-tutorial/)
- C++ Programming Tutorial by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/CPP/default.asp)

## Git

- Git Tutorial: (https://www.w3schools.com/git/)

## Machine Learning

- Machine Learning by W3Schools: (https://www.w3schools.com/ai/ai_machine_learning.asp)
- Python Machine Learning: (https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_ml_getting_started.asp)
